Leading up towards the beginning  of the 21st century, Equestria was in a time of great strife. The Changelings, once thought to be long dead or forgotten, emerged from their hiding in the Badlands and swarmed the nation. Towns that had been left long undefended were attacked within days and many ponies were abducted or even killed in the initial attack. At the head of this invasion was Queen Chrysalis, back with a vengeance after her many defeats at the hands of Celestia and the Elements of Harmony. To top all of this off, Queen Umbra who had been believed to be killed, had returned with a vengeance, taking over the Crystal City once more and invading Equestria alongside Chrysalis.

The war was a long and hard fought battle, many lives were lost on both sides, but eventually, harmony and friendship overcame all odds. Near the end of the war, when Equestria had pushed back both Umbra and Chrysalis to whatever tiny remnants of their original empires they once had, Celestia, along with Luna and Twilight Sparkle, brought the Elements of Harmony to bare against the two villians. The three alicorns working in tandem over-charged the elements to once and for all get rid of Umbra and Chrysalis, and it nearly cost them their lives in the process. 

In a great flash of light, what had remained of the Dark Imperator and the Hive Queen's army was gone. The only remnants of it was a giant crack in the terrain, the very force of the Elements tearing the land asunder with their magical power. Unfortunately for Equestria, the Elements of Harmony vanished along with Umbra and Chrysalis, presumably tearing throughout the cosmos somewhere else.

The time of rebuilding afterwards was peaceful, and gradually, over the course of many, many, many years, Equestria soon grew to cover the entirety of Equis. Peace, Order, and Harmony were established world wide, and a new cultural and scientific revolution began. With Princess Luna at the helm of research, she lead the ponies of Equestria up into the stars, landing the first non-alicorn on the moon and eventually establishing the first extra-planetary mining stations within the system. During this, Celestia lead on the ground, helping the arts and other sciences flourish under her guidance.

[If playing as Luna.] With Luna taking such great and active steps, Celestia gradually grew to become a background figure. She was still loved by all, but the eldest sibling had decided to let Luna take the spotlight. After one fateful night, Celestia formally passed on most of her major duties to Luna, guiding the younger sibling from the side-lines, and still assisting her with her rule of course.

Thus, Luna lead the charge into space with renewed vigor. With the invention of the Hyperdrive and the discovery of the Hyperlane Network, Luna saw endless possibilities. The ponies of Equestria could inhabit other worlds and spread peace and harmony to whatever life may lay out there in the cold and dark void. And along with that, Princess Luna hoped they could once again discover the Elements of Harmony.

[If playing as Celestia] Princess Celestia's rule grew stronger during this time, and along with the help of Luna, many artificial satellites were established, and ponies now had a presence on almost every planetary body within their home system. Luna had done the research, the exploration, but Celestia had made all of that possible.

Now Celestia continues to lead, guiding the ponies of equestria out of their birth-place and onto other worlds, and out to explore distant and fascinating stars, all with the help of the Hyperdrive and the discovery of the Hyperlane Network.

--------

Queen Umbra had been slumbering in the shadows for a very long time, waiting patiently for the right moment to make her grand return. The Equestrians had thought that she was long dead, and had placed two disgusting ponies in charge of her once great empire. The Queen watched and waited for centuries, letting her rage, her fury build up slowly over the years. Her magic was stronger than ever, and when the Princesses grew complacent, Queen Umbra made her move. Coming back to the world in a new and stronger form, she stormed the Crystal City and stole the Crystal Heart.

There she solidified her rule, enslaving the two weaklings who were placed in charge of her lands and dominating the very minds of the Crystal Ponies once more. She forced them to work in the crystal mines and created her own caste of soldiers, brainwashing them to be loyal only to her. The Crystal Empire was safely back in the hands of it's rightful ruler, and the Queen was able to mobilize her new armies for the great war against Equestria.

In the Badlands, the vile changelings had also risen back up, lead by Queen Chrysalis. Queen Umbra saw an opportunity in this, so she hid her disgust long enough to actually work with the changelings, and together the two nations invaded Equestria. Each day they took more and more land, cutting down the defenses of Equestria and breaking it's armies over iron blades and chitin. 

The final battle of the war happened not long after, with the two massive armies of the Crystal Empire and the Changeling Swarm easily tearing their way through the weak Equestrians, they had made their way to the capital city of Canterlot. There the Equestrians made their last stand, fighting valiantly against the hordes of Changelings and the mighty legions of Umbra. The siege lasted for years, with only the magic of the princesses keeping the ponies in Canterlot safe from their inevitable death. 

Eventually though, that had to come to an end. Something had happened to the barrier that the princesses had created, whether it was a small crack in the great shield, a lapse in control of one of the princesses, or simply the overwhelming power of the invading armies, and the shielding had broke. Within minutes Changelings and Crystal Ponies stormed into the streets, tearing apart soldiers and enslaving those they could. When Umbra and Chrysalis walked into Canterlot Palace together, they fought a great battle against Princess Luna and Princess Celestia. The clash between the four of them rocked the very earth, tearing apart the mountains that Canterlot had been founded on and creating massive craters in the earth with each blow against each other. By the end of the titanic engagement, only Umbra remained. Umbra and Chrysalis had fought the two Princesses to a standstill, and they had ultimately ended the lives of those immortals. After the battle Chrysalis was left weakened, having used up most of her Love and magical energy in that battle, which Umbra quickly took advantage of. She killed the Queen of the Changelings with nothing but a smirk on her face and slaughtered the Changeling army that sat in Canterlot.

In the thick of the fighting, the two Princesses had used the Elements of Harmony a great deal. Umbra had searched for them frantically when the battle was over, but all she could find was faint remnants of where they had gone. In a last bid attempt to keep Umbra from becoming too powerful, the Princesses had casted the Elements of Harmony up into the stars at random, putting them far out of reach of Queen Umbra.

And thus the reign of Dark Imperator Umbra began. She ruled over the entirey of Equis with an iron fist, enslaving many of the Equestrians, conquering what had remained of the Griffon Kingdoms, and killing off whatever was left of the Changelings in the Badlands. Once she had taken over the entire world, her lust for power had turned her attention towards the stars.

The greatest minds of the Imperium Crystalis pooled their collective knowledge together to study the stars and establish their Dark Imperators rule over distant worlds. The discovery of the Hyperlane Network pushed these great ponies forwards, where they eventually created the first Hyperdrive. Now with the means to travel the stars, Umbra leads her loyal slaves and soldiers out into the great void in her search for even greater power, and to find the Elements of Harmony. 

For the Dark Imperator.

--------

Queen Chrysalis loved her children more than anything in the world. Her loyal sons and daughters did everything for her, and all she had wanted was to provide for them, to give them a future where they wouldn't be in fear of starving every day. The Princesses in Equestria had ultimately stopped her from doing so, forcing her and her children out of Canterlot in a great magical blast of energy. After the Canterlot Wedding, her once great hive had been reduced down to a mere fraction of what it once was.

So the Queen when south, ekeing out a meager exsistence in the Badlands of Equestria, feeding on random passerby and animals alike. It was a harsh and cruel home, but the Badlands had hardened her and her children. With the hardships they experienced in the Badlands, Chrysalis eventually ventured out back into Equestria proper, feeding on ponies and stealing their love en masse once more. She gradually grew her hive larger than it had been before, planting infiltrators and love extractors within ever major city in Equestria. Her power and influence over Equestrian politics grew along with it too, and in preperation for a future invasion, she began to weaken the armies and minds of Equestrians everywhere.

This slow infiltration took many years, but by the end of it Equestria's military power was merely a husk of it's former self. All the ponies had left to rely on were small units of royal guards, and the Elements of Harmony of course. But now with the time just right, Chrysalis started her second invasion of Equestria properly this time.

Her children flooded every street in every city within the first few months, enslaving and entrapping the Equestrians within great cocoons and building hives in the steel and glass towers of major metropolitan cities. Her children no longer needed to worry about starving, for Love was abundant everywhere.

At around the same time as her invasion, Queen Umbra had arisen in the frozen north of Equestria. She too invaded Equestria, and with the interest of her children in mind, Chrysalis entered into an alliance with the Dark Queen in the north and continued her invasion with the support of the Crystal Ponies. 

The final battle had occured not too long after the Crystal Ponies had joined the war, and the combined forces of the Changelings and the Crystal Empire stood at the gates to Canterlot, where they began sieging down the great city day by day. The siege continued on for years, only the magical powers of Celestia and Luna keeping a great barrier over the city up and preventing the invading armies from entering. Little did they know that during this time, Chrysalis was gorging herself on Love, filling herself with enough Love to rival the two sisters strength. With a great blast of energy, Chrysalis broke a small hole through the barrier that the princesses had erected, and that was all she needed to take the city.

Changelings and Crystal ponies flooded the streets, enslaving and cocooning every pony they saw. Chrysalis and Umbra walked into Canterlot Palace together and faced off against the two sisters. The battle between the four of them was so grand in scale that it's effects could still be seen centuries later. They tore apart the very mountain that Canterlot was built upon and they left massive craters in the earth every time they exchanged blows. The battle lasted for hours, and by the end of it Chrysalis and Umbra were left standing victorious over the corpses of Celestia and Luna.

It was at this time that Umbra's treachery was revealed when she attempted to kill the weakened Chrysalis. Quick thinking and the help of her children helped the Queen narrowly avoid Umbra's attempted killing blow. With a fierce cry and enough love to blow a hole in the moon, Chrysalis killed Umbra after an incredible duel with the dark queen. 

And thus, Chrysalis took over the rest of Equestria and conquered the Crystal Empire as well. Her ultimate goal had been completed, and now her children had all of the love they could ever dream of. 

Chrysalis took the many years after the war to build up some semblance of a culture, along with fostering interest in the arts and sciences. The Queen had also taken what remained of the Equestrians and essentially turned them into live-stock, letting them form their own towns and cities again after some years, and with a bit of magic, they were content to provide all of the love they could for their new Queen.

When it became evident that Equis wouldn't be able to support the booming population of Changelings, Chrysalis looked to the stars and discovered the Hyperlane Network. Her children then eventually created the first Hyperdrive's, allowing Changelings to establish extra-planetary stations in the solar system. 

Chrysalis now leads on her changelings to explore and colonize space even further, guiding them on like the mother she had always wanted to be.

For our Mother, Chrysalis.

--------

Leading up towards the beginning  of the 21st century, Equestria was in a time of great strife. The Changelings, once thought to be long dead or forgotten, emerged from their hiding in the Badlands and swarmed the nation. Towns that had been left long undefended were attacked within days and many ponies were abducted or even killed in the initial attack. At the head of this invasion was Queen Chrysalis, back with a vengeance after her many defeats at the hands of Celestia and the Elements of Harmony. To top all of this off, Queen Umbra who had been believed to be killed, had returned with a vengeance, taking over the Crystal City once more and invading Equestria alongside Chrysalis.

The war was a long and hard fought battle, many lives were lost on both sides, but eventually, harmony and friendship overcame all odds. Near the end of the war, when Equestria had pushed back both Umbra and Chrysalis to whatever tiny remnants of their original empires they once had, Celestia, along with Luna and Twilight Sparkle, brought the Elements of Harmony to bare against the two villians. The three alicorns working in tandem over-charged the elements to once and for all get rid of Umbra and Chrysalis, and it nearly cost them their lives in the process. 

In a great flash of light, what had remained of the Dark Imperator and the Hive Queen's army was gone. The only remnants of it was a giant crack in the terrain, the very force of the Elements tearing the land asunder with their magical power. Unfortunately for Equestria, the Elements of Harmony vanished along with Umbra and Chrysalis, presumably tearing throughout the cosmos somewhere else.

Something inside of Celestia's mind cracked that day. The normally peaceful and loving Princess secluded herself away within her chambers for a long time after that war, leaving Luna to rule Equestria and rebuild it all by herself. Celestia's self imposed isolation lasted for a few months and by the end of it, she came out a changed mare. She had grown cold and hateful, and after a short fight with her sister, it was revealed that the mare that was once Celestia was no more.

What took Celestia's place was something different, something more than just a mere alicorn. In Celestia's poor mental state, her magic and mental defences were lowered. The grief over all of those losses she felt made her weak and vulnerable, so something slithered it's way into Canterlot Palace. Something much like Nightmare Moon whispered into Celestia's mind, slowly persuading her to it's side, convincing her that taking direct control of Equestria was the only way to ensure peace, to prevent any greater bloodshed. Celestia listened to this voice and over the few months that she was alone, it corrupted her mind. The voice fully cemented itself inside of Celestia's mind fully and had even given her a new name, Daybreaker.

Within days Luna was banished straight to the moon again through the sheer power of Daybreaker's magic, and right after Daybreaker began taking over the entirety of Equestria. The weak nation could do nothing to stop her, so they all submitted to her rule, and eventually, they grew used to the iron fist she ruled with. She turned friends of Equestria into enemies, convincing the public that the creatures that they once called friends were only monsters who wanted to end all of Ponykind.

So with the blessing of her people, Daybrear set out on a great crusade against every sentient creature that didn't bend to her will. The changelings were squashed into a paste, the griffons were turned into mince meat for Equestrian live stock, and the dragons were all slaughtered to the last. By the end of it all Equestria had grown fanatically loyal to Daybreaker. Her twisted mind reveled in her new found power and before too long ponies were worshipping Daybrear as a god empress. 

Through Daybreakers magic, the Hyperlane Network was discovered, interlinking the stars and putting all of creation within the Solar God Empresses reach. The first Hyperdrive was developed soon after, and from then on Daybreaker has been leading her fanatic followers into the stars to spread her rule, to ensure that the followers of the Empress would be the only thing left living within creation.
